`Key: 한국어 단어 [hangug-eo dan-eo] pronounciation in Korean (English translation)

[The movie opens in a HUNTR/X (which is pronounced as "Huntrix") concert, as a huge audience is getting ready to see the K-Pop trio on stage.]

Fans: (chanting) HUNTR/X! HUNTR/X! HUNTR/X!

Celine (V.O.): The world will know you as pop stars, but you will be much more than that. You will be Hunters.

[Cut to a long time ago, where demon hunters fought Korean spirits while singing to the people for generations.]

Celine (V.O.): Demons have always haunted our world, stealing our souls and channeling strength back to their king, Gwi-Ma. Until heroes arose to defend us. Born with voices that could drive back the darkness. Singing songs of courage and hope. But Hunters are more than warriors. Our music ignites the soul and brings people together. With this connection, the first Hunters created a shield to protect our world, the Honmoon. Every generation, a new trio of Hunters is chosen to fulfill our ultimate duty. A barrier so strong it is impenetrable, that will keep demons and Gwi-Ma from our world forever, the Golden Honmoon.

[Fade to show Celine with the current generation, HUNTR/X.]

Celine: And now, that duty falls to you. That victory is within your reach. It is your voices, your song, that will create the Golden Honmoon.

HUNTR/X: (nod) Yes, Celine.

[We then cut to a stadium, where several fans line up to see the HUNTR/X concert.]

Fangirl: (excitedly) Let's go, HUNTR/X!

Fans: (excitedly) We love HUNTR/X!

Mira Fangirl #1: Mira's my favorite. She's the visual and lead dancer. Nobody can move like Mira.

Mira Fangirl #2 (V.O.): (Cut to Mira with her family, with each portrait of her growing up) Apparently, she was the black sheep of her family.

Mira Fanboy: (onscreen) I don't know why, because she's so cool. (Cut to Mira in a sleeping bag in the Met Gala; voiceover) Who else could wear a sleeping bag to the Met Gala?

Mira Fangirl #1: (Cut to the fans) Yeah. She's our role model.

Mira Fangirls: She's the best. Love her.

Zoey Fangirl #1: We're here for Zoey!

Zoey Fangirl #2: She's the rapper and lyricist.

Zoey Fanboy (V.O.): (Cut to Zoey in the high school of Burbank) She grew up in America. Somewhere called Burbank, USA.

Zoey Fangirl #1 (V.O.): (Cut to Zoey performing adorable things) She's the cutest maknae.

Zoey Fanboy (V.O.): (Cut to Zoey rapping in front of a rapper) But when she raps, she goes hard.

Zoey Fangirl #3: (onscreen) She gets real scary. So scary, like, "You better watch out."

Rumi Fangirls: We love Rumi!

Rumi Fangirl #1: She's pop-star royalty.

Rumi Fangirl #2: Uh-huh! (Cut to the Sunlight Sisters poster; voiceover) Her mom was a Sunlight Sister, but passed away when she was an infant. (Cut to Rumi and Celine, along with Mira and Zoey) But Celine raised her, and built HUNTR/X around her.

Rumi Fangirl #3: (onscreen) Rumi's voice is just incredible. Like...

Rumi Fanboys: It brings us to tears! (crying)

Huntrix Fangirl #1: They're taking a break after this concert and they totally need it, but we're gonna miss them so MUUUUUUUCH!!!!!

[The lights come on, it's almost time for the big show. Meanwhile, Bobby and the crew get the stage set up.]

Bobby: (smiling) Everyone look alive! All right. Looking good over there. Okay. Ready? Ready. (quizzically) But where are the girls? What? What? (checks his phone) Where are they going?

[Cut to HUNTR/X in a fancy plane.]

Rumi: (determined) Okay, this is our biggest show yet.

Zoey: (determined) The most songs.

Mira: (determined) The most moves.

Rumi: Which means the most carb loading.

HUNTR/X: (in unison) FOR THE FANS!

[They start eating their food.]

Rumi: (while eating) I need 10,000 calories to get through the choreo.

Mira: (while eating) A thousand percent. A gajillion percent.

Rumi: Mira, that's not even a real number.

Mira: It is for our fans.

Rumi: (smells a roll) Ahhhhh! (as Zoey tears a bag of munchies to eat up) Our fans deserve the best. (pushes it into her mouth) Okay, time for our pre-game ramyeon!

HUNTR/X: (they lift up their cups) Happy fans, happy Honmoon! (clink them together)

Zoey: (notices there's no water in them) Wait there's no water in these.

Rumi: (to the stewardess) Um, excuse me, miss?

Stewardess: (while pouring coffee into a plant) Yes, Miss Hunter…-ix?

Rumi: We asked for hot water...

Stewardess: Right away. You're welcome. Arrideverci. Goodbye.

Rumi: (confused) Uh, okay.

[Suddenly, their phone rings and they answer it.]

HUNTR/X: (via FaceTime) Hi, Bobby!

Bobby: (via FaceTime) Yeah, hi! Um, what are you doing?

Rumi: (via FaceTime) About to eat our pre-show ramyeon.

Bobby: (via FaceTime; quizzically) Pre-show? What about the show-show? (some fans grab his phone) Hey, that's my phone!

HUNTR/X Fangirls: (via facetime) WE LOVE YOU!

HUNTR/X: (via facetime) Aww, we love you too!

[Show the crying HUNTR/X fanboys like we saw them during their admiration of Rumi.]

Rumi & Mira: (via facetime; crying) Aww, that's so sweet.

HUNTR/X Fanboy: (via facetime) Yo! I just got this! (shows them his tattoo)

Rumi & Zoey: (via facetime) Uh...

Mira: (via FaceTime; smirking) Sick.

Bobby: (via facetime; takes his phone back) Gimme that! (to HUNTR/X) Why are you so late!?

Rumi: (via facetime) Late?

Bobby: (via facetime) Fifty thousand fans are waiting for you. They made cute signs and everything. How can you be late!? (offscreen as the girls frown) Ohh I wish you were here!

[They look out their window to see they're flying away from the stadium before noticing the flight crew doing things... oddly.]

Rumi: (via facetime) Keep your shirt on, Bobby. We'll be there in three. (hangs up)

Mira: (groans) I didn't even get to finish my RAMYEON!

Rumi: Why do they ALWAYS interrupt our snacking!?

Zoey: (mouthful) THEY WILL FACE MY WRATH!

Rumi: Um, excuse me?

Stewardess: Please take your seat.

Rumi: Yeah. We don't have time. You're a demon, right?

Stewardess: W-what do you mean?

Rumi: You're smiling all weird, watering plants with coffee, and those guys? Come on.

[One man is clicking seatbelts incorrectly while the captain pushes random buttons.]

Stewardess: O-ohhh, we were just...

Rumi: (grabs her arm to show her demon patterns) Oh, look! Patterns.

Stewardess: (nervously) Oh, these? These are just...

[She stomps on her foot, reverting her to a demon before bumping into the seatbelt man, revealing him as a demon, too.]

Rumi: The rest of you can come out. We're in a hurry!

[The captain emerges as a demon as two more demons appear. They all sport patterns on their arms.]

Mira: Aww, you got the patterns. Now you gotta die.

Captain Demon: The only ones dying tonight are your— (Mira burps) Uh, I said, the only ones dying tonight are your—

Rumi: (her stomach gurgles) I'm sorry, what?

Captain Demon: (exasperated) YOUR FANS!! WE'RE GONNA EAT YOUR FANS!!!

HUNTR/X: Whoa!

Mira: No.

Zoey: No, thank you!

Mira: No, no, no.

Rumi: Not our fans.

Zoey: When you mess with our fans...

Mira: (cracks her knuckles) We need to make it hurt.

[Song: How It's Done by Huntr/x]

Rumi: (singing) Ugh, you came at a bad time. But you just crossed the line. You wanna get wild? Okay, I'll show you wild.

[They proceed to fight the demons while singing.]

Rumi: (singing) Better come right, better luck trying gettin' to our level! 'Cause you might die, never the time. Tryin' to start a battle! Bleeding isn't in my blood! 뼈 속부터 달아서 !

Mira: (singing) Beating you is what I do, do, do, yeah!

Zoey: (singing) Body on body. I'm naughty, not even sorry! When you pull up, I'll pull up a little late to the party! Nah, nah, nah, nah! Locked, loaded, born for this! No point in avoiding it! Annoyed a bit? 불을 비춰 ! 다 비켜, 네 앞길을 뺏겨 !

HUNTR/X: (singing) Knocking you out like a lullaby! Hear that sound ringing in your mind! Better sit down for the show! 'Cause I'm gonna show you how it's done, done, done! Huntrix don't miss how it's done, done, done! Hey! Huntrix don't quit how it's done, done, done! Run, run, we run the town! Whole world playing our sound! Turning up, it's going down! Huntrix show this How it's done, done, done!

Mira: (spoken) Yeah, this plane's trashed.

[They quickly slurp up their noodles.]

Rumi: Okay, let's do this. (singing) Something about when you come for the crown that's so humbling.

[They all jump out of the plane.]

Mira: (singing) 갑자기 왜 그래? 먼저 건드려, 왜? 이제야 포기해, what?

Zoey: (singing) Nothing to us, run up, you're done up, we come up! From sun up to sundown, so come play!

Rumi: (singing) Won either way, one in a million We kill! Want it? Okay! Heels, nails, blade, mascara!

Mira: (singing) Fit check for my napalm era!

Zoey: (singing) Need to beat my face. Make it cute and savage! Mirror, mirror on my phone Who's the baddest? Us? Hello!

HUNTR/X: (singing) Knocking you out like a lullaby! Hear that sound ringing in your mind! Better sit down for the show!

Fangirl #1: It's them!

HUNTR/X: (singing) 'Cause I'm gonna show you!

Mira: (singing) I'm gonna show you!

Zoey: (singing) I'm gonna show you!

HUNTR/X: (singing) How it's done, done, done!

Mira: (singing) I don't talk, I bite! Full of venom!

Fangirl #2: Cool costume!

Mira: (singing) Spittin' facts! You know that's how it's done, done, done!

Zoey: (singing) Okay, I know I ramble, but when shootin' my words, I go Rambo! Took blood and tears to look natural! That's how it's done, done, done!

Rumi: (singing) Hear our voice unwavering till our song defeats the night. Making fear afraid to breathe till the dark meets the light!

HUNTR/X: (singing) How it's done, done, done! Run, run, we run the town! Whole world playing our sound! Turnin' up, it's goin' down! Huntrix show this how it's done, done, done! We hunt you down, down, down! We got you now, now, now! We show you how, how, how! Huntrix don't miss how it's done, done, done!

[The crowd goes wild. Cut to the title. Deep in the spirit world, all of the oni gathered around as one red oni approached the stairs. She lifts up her foot until she was dragged up into the air.]

Gwi-Ma: (quizzically) LET ME GUESS. THEY GOT AWAY AGAIN?

Stewardess Demon: (fearfully) The Hunters, they're too strong.

Gwi-Ma: (under his breath) I UNDERSTAND.

Stewardess Demon: (meekly) You- You do?

Gwi-Ma: (angrily) I UNDERSTAND YOU ARE WEAK! (burns the demon alive) PATHETIC! USELESS! ALL OF YOU!!! DON'T YOU IDIOTS KNOW?!? ONCE THE HUNTERS TURN THE HONMOON GOLD, IT'S OVER FOR US!

[The demons cower in fear, while a water demon cries. A melody plays, catching their attention. On the shrine was a purple demon playing a bipa.]

Jinu: There once was a mighty demon king. Stop me if you've heard this one before. He was in total control. He feasted on souls. The world trembled when he roared. [floats down] But then some Hunters sang some songs. Now all he does is starve. Can't get at the souls, and his flame grows cold. Just a whisper in the dark. (sings) And will he let the fire go out? Is this the end of him now? Dying king with a crumbling crown? Will he let the fire go out?

Gwi-Ma: (frowns) I LET YOU KEEP THAT VOICE, JINU. AND YOU DARE TO MOCK ME WITH IT?

[Four more oni gathered around Jinu.]

Jinu: I'm not here to mock you. I'm here to help you. It's time for a new strategy. We fight the Hunters where they least expect it. Go after the very thing that powers the Honmoon. The fans.

[The demons pose like a boy band.]

Gwi-Ma: A DEMON BOY BAND? [laughs] WHAT MAKES YOU THINK THAT COULD WORK?

[Jinu snaps his fingers, showing new forms, pink hair, glowing orange eyes and slick lilac hair.]

Demon #1: (agrees) Yeah. That's totally gonna work.

Demon #2: (agrees) Yeah. 100%.

Gwi-Ma: OKAY. I KNOW YOU, JINU. IN 400 YEARS, YOU'VE NEVER DONE A SINGLE THING THAT DIDN'T SERVE YOURSELF. WHAT DO YOU WANT?

Jinu: The memories. I want them erased.

[Cut to HUNTR/X in an elevator after their concert.]

Rumi: (satisfied) Did we just see gold?

Mira: (satisfied) Yeah. I can't believe we're doing it.

Zoey: (satisfied) It's so exciting!

Rumi: Okay. You know what this means. It's time to release the song.

Mira: Yes! It's finally time!

Zoey: We're gonna turn it gold. Yay! The moment we waited for.

Rumi: Yes! (coughs) Whoa. That was weird.

Zoey: Good thing we're taking a break.

Mira: Yeah. Sounds like you need the rest.

Rumi: Yeah. Just need a little water.

Bobby: Did someone say water?

HUNTR/X: Hi, Bobby!

Bobby: Water! Now! What a way to end the world tour! That finale with the guy in the demon suit exploding into confetti?

Worker #1: So chill.

Worker #2: Those special effects looked amazing.

Mira: Yeah. "Special effects."

Bobby: This is gonna break the bank, but, ooh, look at these social numbers! They're off the charts! And to celebrate, I booked you a week-long staycation at the fanciest, most exclusive relaxation resort in Korea.

Mira: Sorry, Bobby. We already have plans.

Bobby: What? What plans?

Zoey: We got the hottest ticket in town.

Mira & Zoey: To our couch~! (chanting as they skip out of the scene) Couch! Couch! Couch! etc.

Rumi: Bobby, you should go enjoy the resort. This tour has been grueling for everyone. You deserve it.

Bobby: Me? Oh, no. I couldn't possibly. Just kidding. Robe me. I'm a 34 short. See you in a couple weeks, girls!

HUNTR/X: Bye, Bobby!

Mira: All right. Two weeks of vacation.

Rumi: Yes. Vacation.

(The song "Strategy" from TWICE plays)

TWICE: Step one

Mira: Mmm! I can't wait to eat kimbap and stare at the ceiling.

Zoey: I already picked a movie for us. It's actually a list of 700 two-second videos all about turtles.

Rumi: Mm-hm.

Mira: Sounds super boring. I'm so down.

Rumi: Let's do this.

TWICE: I got you on my radar. Soon you're gonna be with me. My strategy, strategy will get ya, get ya, baby.

Rumi: It's time.

Mira and Zoey: (chanting as they bring the food in) Couch! Couch! Couch! etc. (relax on the couch) Couch!

Zoey: (relaxed) Oh, yeah. That's the stuff. Yeah.

Mira: (relaxed) So relaxing.

[Rumi rises up from behind the couch.]

Rumi: (grinning) Hey. Have a good break?

Mira: (confused) Huh? What? No. We literally just sat… (Rumi comes up with her new costume) down.

Zoey: (quizzically) Why are you in your new costume?

Mira & Zoey: Rumi, you didn't.

Mira: (quizzically) Did you announce the new single?

Zoey: And the promo starts tomorrow...

Mira and Zoey: (shocked) TONIGHT?!

[While smiling, Rumi shows the whining Mira and Zoey their own new costumes.]

Zoey: (whining) Rumi, no!

Mira: (whining) No-ho-ho-ho-ho-hoooooo!

Zoey: But the pajamas! But no. NO! NOOOOOOOO!

Mira: NOOOOOOOOO!

Bobby: (as he gets out of the elevator) Girls, you won't believe this!

Mira: (cut to HUNTR/X in their new costumes; whining) Bobby!

Zoey: No more wewaxy time~

Bobby: Your new single is on fire! Everyone's listening to it!

HUNTR/X: Yay!

Bobby: So let's go promo!

[In Seoul, all of the people heard the new single.]

Woman #1: New single?

Woman #2: New single?

Woman #3: New single?

Woman #4: New HUNTR/X?

Rumi: (singing) I was a ghost. I was alone. 어두워진, 앞길 속에 . Given the throne I didn't know how to believe I was the queen that I'm meant to be.

Zoey: (singing) I lived two lives. Tried to play both sides, but I couldn't find my own place.

Mira: (singing) Called a problem child 'cause I got too wild, but now that's how I'm getting paid! 끝없이 on stage!

Rumi: (singing) I'm done hiding now. I'm shining like I'm born to be! We're dreaming hard. We came so far. Now I believe!

HUNTR/X: (singing) We're going up, up, up. It's our moment! Together we're glowing! Gonna be golden!

Man: Play it again!

Host: You see my head bobbing? Tell us about that new single.

Mira: "Golden." It's the story of us.

Rumi: It's a song about who we are, and where we're going next.

Zoey: And the first live performance is tonight!

Rumi: (singing in voiceover) Now I'm shining like I'm born to be.

Rumi: (voiceover) It's the beginning of a new chapter for us. For the whole world. And we're so excited to show you what's next.

Rumi: (singing) Waited so long to break these walls down. To wake up and feel like me. Put these patterns all in the past now, and finally live like the girl they all see. No more hiding. I'll be shining like I'm born to be! 'Cause we are Hunters, voices strong, and I know I believe!

HUNTR/X: (singing) We're going up, up, up It's our moment! You know together we're glowing. Gonna be, gonna be golden! Oh! Up, up, up with our voices. 영원히 깨질 수 없는

- Rumi's voice is so incredible!

I can't wait to hear her live!

Rumi: (singing) Whoa, I'm done hiding.

Bobby: (He accidentally hits the director while dancing) Oh, sorry.

Rumi: (singing) Now I'm shining like I'm (off-key) BoRn To B—

Bobby: Huh?

Mira: You okay?

Rumi: Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine. Let's take it again. From the top. (singing) I'm done hiding. Now I'm shining like I'm BoRn To— (coughs)

Bobby: Um, Rumi, are you okay? Do you need some water?

Rumi: I just need five. I'm gonna take five. [leaves off stage]

Female Worker: Five minutes? We go live in ten!

Bobby: Um... Okay, I can handle this. I'm not having a nervous breakdown. Visualize there's not 10,000 fans at the door screaming and sounding really scary.

[Cut outside, the crowd is going crazy, wanting to be let in.]

Security Guard: (panicking) MAYDAY! THERE'S 10,000 FANS AT THE DOOR SCREAMING AND SOUNDING REALLY SCARY!

[He hugs his partner, who takes a picture of this chaotic scene with his phone. Rumi bursts into the dressing room.]

Rumi: Okay.

[Rumi unzips her jacket to reveal the patterns spreading.]

Rumi: My voice? Oh, no. No.

[She pants. She leaves outside of the building and runs down the street.]

Young Rumi: (singing) We are Hunters, voices strong. Slaying demons with our song. Fix the world and make it right.... (sings with Celine) when darkness finally meets the light. (speaks) Celine, do Hunters kill all demons?

Celine: Yes.

Young Rumi: So everything that has patterns?

Celine: Cover those up. You only have those because...

Young Rumi: My dad was a demon?

Celine: You're not one of them, Rumi. You're a Hunter, like your mother was. When the Honmoon is sealed, all demons will be gone from this world. And so will your patterns.

Young Rumi: So these will be gone?

Celine: Yes. Those will be gone.

[Another flashback plays. Rumi is now in the apartment, overhearing Mira and Zoey.]

Zoey: You always say no, Rumi.

Mira: You're so modest. It's just the bathhouse.

Rumi: Maybe some other time. You guys go ahead.

[Zoey and Mira walk away in disappointment.]

Mira: Every time.

Zoey: Mm-hm.

Rumi: Maybe they'll understand.

Celine: No, Rumi. Nothing can change until your patterns are gone.

[End of flashback. Rumi heads up to the rooftop and unzipped her jacket.]

Rumi: (singing) No more hiding. I'll be shining like I'm born to be! 'Cause we are Hunters, voices strong, and I know I believe!

[Her voice cracks. She slammed to the ground.]

Rumi: How am I supposed to fix the world, fix me, when I don't have my voice? Why now, when I'm so close? Why? WHY!?

[A pink wave radiated out. Rumi gasps.]

Young Rumi: (singing in voiceover) We are Hunters, voices strong.

[Later, Rumi enters inside, her jacket placed on. Mira and Zoey come to her. Later, they all had dinner.]

Rumi: I- I'm sorry about the show.

Zoey: Rumi, it's okay. I'm sure everything will be fine. Bobby can handle it. [picks up her phone] Hi, Bobby!

Bobby: Girls, I can't handle this! There's thousands of disappointed fans, and the network is losing their minds. Okay, this is why you pay me 3%. Okay, back off! My girls will sing when they're ready.

Mira: It's okay. We can reschedule another live show within days.

Rumi: I-I don't know if that's going to be possible. My voice, it's in trouble.

Mira: Wait, in trouble? Then why did you push up the "Golden" release?

Rumi: Because we're so close, and it's so important.

Zoey: Okay, how do we handle this? What do we tell the fans? Maybe we should call Celine?

Mira: We know what she'd say, Zoey.

Zoey: Oh, right. "We are Hunters. (speaks with Mira) Voices strong. Your faults and fears must never be seen."

Mira: Whoa. You sound exactly like her.

Zoey: Yeah, that's how she says it.

Mira: No. We gotta hide it and fix it.

Zoey: For sure. We have to hide it. Mm-hm. Rumi, why don't we take a break? We'll skip the Idol Awards this year and...

Rumi: No. No way. It's our most important show. It's when we strengthen the Honmoon for the entire year. We can't skip it. We just can't. Not when I'm so close.

Zoey: Hey, we'll get through this. We can get through anything. Together.

Mira: Okay. We have two weeks to fix Rumi's voice. Any ideas?

Zoey: I do have one idea.

Mira: Just one?

Zoey: Actually, 57, but let's start with my favorite. Don't worry. It's totally legit.

[The next day, the girls are walking down the street.]

Zoey: He's got this special tonic. Apparently, it can heal anything from sore throats to relationships.

Rumi: Ssh! Quietly, Zoey.

Mira: Why are there so many people today?

Zoey: Down that alleyway.

[The girls went down the alley. However, they are unaware that some people notice a new poster for a free Saja Boys concert.]

Girl: Free concert? It's at noon.

Boy: Who are the Saja Boys?

[The girls are at the entrance of Doctor Han.]

Mira: Yep, about as legit as I expected.

Rumi: Earthy and herby. Smells legit to me.

Zoey: Yay! That's the spirit!

Mira: Hurry, before someone sees us.

[Rumi is now inside the doctor's office. She looked at Zoey who gives a cheerful thumbs up.]

Zoey: Ehhhhhh?!

[Rumi smiled awkwardly. Doctor Han comes in.]

Healer Han: Rumi Nim. Sit. Sit. You need no introduction. So, a problem with your voice.

Zoey: Yes. So we need one of your awesome tonics. Something that will work super fast.

Healer Han: Okay, let me see.

Rumi: Ah!

Healer Han: Uh-uh-uh. In order to heal a part, we must understand the whole.

Rumi: Uh...

[Han's eyes grow big as if he was staring at her.]

Healer Han: I see. I see... (His eyes shrink back to normal) No. Actually, I don't see. Very strange. You have lots of walls up.

Zoey: Whoa! He's so good, right?

Healer Han: So many walls.

Rumi: Walls? I don't have walls.

Mira: Uh, yeah, you do. He is kind of good.

Rumi: I'm just trying to stay focused.

Healer Han: Hm... Focus is good, but focusing on one part leads to ignoring other parts, making you separated, isolated.

Zoey: Ooh! Emotionally closed off?

Healer Han: Yes! Yes!

Mira: She's also a workaholic, doesn't know how to relax.

Rumi: I know how to relax!

Healer Han: I bet she refuses to go to the bathhouse.

Zoey: Oh my gosh, yes!

Rumi: How did you even...

Zoey: Dude, we've been trying to take her...

Mira & Zoey: Forever!

Rumi: How is this helpful?

Mira: It's helping me a lot.

Zoey: I can't believe you got all that wisdom just from looking at her.

[Han looks at Zoey.]

Healer Han: Hm. I see...

Zoey: Wait, why are you looking at me?

Healer Han: Eagerness to please. Maybe a little too eager.

Zoey: What? I'm not like that. You'd tell me if I was like that, right?

[He then looks at Mira.]

Healer Han: Hm... I see...

[Mira stares at Healer Han and then scares him, causing him to flinch back with puppy dog eyes.]

Mira: Yeah, that's right.

Rumi: How does this help me get my voice back?

Healer Han: As I said, to treat the part, we must understand the whole.

Rumi: That's great, but I thought we were here just for your tonics.

Mira: Just give us the voice juice.

Healer Han: Hm... I know just the tonics you need.

[Later, Mira is outside of the front office. She looked at a photo of the HUNTR/X and Han.]

Rumi: Is that us?

[However, the Han sticker had fallen off the picture.]

Rumi: (groans) Zoey.

Healer Han: Your tonics are ready!

Mira and Zoey: (chanting) We got the tonics! We got the tonics!

Zoey: Yay! Once your voice is fixed, we can get back to the important stuff, like the fans.

???: (offscreen) Totally. Nice.

Zoey: Fans!

Rumi: We can't let them see us! Hurry!

Mira: Be cool. Look normal.

[The girls notice a group of boys walking forward. Two boys have pink hair, one light, and one dark frown, one had sky blue hair, and lilac hair covering his eyes. Mira and Zoey's eyes turned into hearts, except Rumi. Zoey's eyes transform into popping corn while she squeals.]

Mira: So hot.

Rumi: Ugh. You guys are so gross...

[Suddenly, her eye came across a handsome black-haired boy, which made her world go in slow motion. He bumped into her, causing her to fall and letting the box of tonics go flying in the air. Rumi looked up and saw that the man is about to reach out for her. Instead, he just dusted his shoulder off.]

Jinu: Uh...

Rumi: Huh?

Jinu: Watch yourself. (walks away)

Rumi: Watch my- Watch YOURself! Look at this mess!

Zoey: Yeah. They're not even that cute.

Rumi: They're so bleh!

Zoey: They're so... (mimics throwing up)

Mira: No, they're... (mimics throwing up)

Zoey: They're... (they all mimic throwing up)

Mira: I'm gonna throw up.

Rumi: Wait. What is that?

[They heard music coming from a distance. They peak around the corner and notice a purple dust cloud. The girls prepare themselves, with Zoey pulling the strings of Rumi's hoodie, accidentally strangling her.]

[Song: Soda Pop, by the Saja Boys]

Zoey: Ooh. Sorry!

[They walk toward the source. It was the same boys from before, now performing a song.]

Saja Boys: (singing) Hey, hey! Hey, hey! Hey!

Jinu: (singing) Don't want you, need you. Yeah, I need you to fill me up! 마시고 마셔 봐도 성에 차지 않아 [masigo masyeo bwado seong-e chaji anh-a] (I drink and drink but I still can't get enough)...

Rumi: (spoken; angrily) It's those stupid jerks again!

Jinu: (singing) Got a feeling that, oh yeah. You could be everything that I need! Taste so sweet.

Rumi: (spoken; quizzically) These guys are a boy band?

Jinu: (singing) Makes me want more.

Mystery Saja: (singing) Looking like snacks!

Romance Saja: (singing) You got it like that!

Abby Saja: (singing) Take a big bite, want another bite! 너의 모든 걸 난 원해, 원해, 원해  !

Saja Boys: (singing) 너 말곤 모두 뻔해, 뻔해, 뻔해...

Rumi: (spoken; quizzically after she saw that Jinu swiped something familiar out of the box) Did he? (counts the pouches in the box) One, two, three, four, five, six. (gasps) That jerk stole one of my pouches!

Mystery Saja: (singing) Can't let go, no, no, not tonight.

Jinu: (singing) 지금 당장 날 봐 시간 없잖아

Romance Saja: (singing) 넌 내꺼야 이미 알고 있잖아

Jinu: (singing) 'Cause I need you to need me.

Saja Boys: (singing) I'm empty, you feed me. So refreshing!

Baby Saja: (singing) My little soda pop!

Saja Boys: (singing) You're all I can think of. Every drop I drink up. You're my soda pop. My little soda pop. Cool me down, you're so hot. Pour me up, I won't stop! You're my soda pop.

[Rumi and Mira notice Zoey dancing. They look at her angrily which she stops. Then, they move their bodies to the annoyingly catchy music the boys were singing.]

Rumi: (while dancing) It is annoyingly catchy, though.

Mira: (while dancing) It's infectious.

[The boys blow kiss at the fans, forming hearts. Mira grabs one of the hearts.]

Mira: They can make hearts out of thin air?

[Zoey gets hit by one of the hearts. They notice demon marks on their arms.]

Both: They're demons!

Zoey: Magicians! Demons. Obviously demons.

Baby Saja: (rapping) Make me wanna flip the top! 한 모금에 , you hit the spot! Every little drip and drop, fizz and pop. 소름 돋아 It's gettin' hot.

Zoey: Dang, they're good.

Rumi: Incredible. But a demon boy band? Why?

Mira: I don't care. A demon's a demon. We kill them.

Rumi: No, it's too public.

Mira: What if they try to kill these people?

Zoey: It doesn't look like they're gonna hurt anyone.

[Jinu passes by and squeezed mustard for the girl, and the Saja Boys give presents to the kids.]

Saja Boys: (singing) 꿈 속에 그려왔던 너

Zoey: In fact, it almost seems like they're nice demons?

Rumi & Mira: Demons are never nice!

[The girls stomp on the corn dog.]

Rumi: Don't eat that!

Mira: Ah! No.

[Then, they crush the kids' presents.]

Rumi: Don't touch that!

[The Saja Boys rise up on a stage and then everything went colorful.]

Jinu: (singing) Come on, fill me up.

Saja Boys: (singing) Just can't get enough! You're all I can think of. Every drop I drink up. You're my soda pop. My little soda pop.

Rumi: (getting pass the group; spoken) They're coming after the fans. We gotta stop this now.

Saja Boys: (singing) Pour me up, I won't stop! You're my soda pop. My little soda pop. You're my soda pop! Gotta drink every drop!

Jinu: That's it for now. See you tonight on everyone's favorite variety show. Saja Boys love you!

[They disappear in pink smoke.]

Saja Boys: (singing) My little soda pop!

Man: That was incredible.

Woman: I liked that.

Zoey: To be fair, that's also something a magician would do.

Rumi: Oh, those are demons. And we're gonna kill them. Let's get battle ready.

[All the girls prepare themselves, wearing black leather suits, colored accessories, and black nail polish.]

Rumi: (offscreen) Let's go kill these guys.

Zoey: (offscreen) Caw-caw!

[Cut to a variety show.]

Chorus: (singing) Play! Play! Play! Play! Play! Play! Play! Play! Play Games With Us!

Announcer: Spicy challenge.

Variety Show Host: Welcome back to Who Can Chug the Most Hot Sauce?

[The HUNTR/X are behind the stage.]

Rumi: Once they come off stage, we'll jump down for the attack, and these boys'll be....

HUNTR/X: (in unison) Done, done, done!

[They laugh evilly and head to the top. On stage, the Saja Boys play the hot sauce challenge with the co-host. Most of the boys drop off one by one.]

Variety Show Host: That's one flaming-hot Jinu. And Abby is down. Mystery is history. Looks like Romance is out due to heartburn? It's a dead heat between my handsome co-host and Baby Saja. Can our host catch up?

[Soon, the spice was too much for the co-host while Baby Saja handles the heat.]

Co-Host: (as he suffers in the spice) So spicy! So spicy!

Variety Show Host: He can't! Baby Saja is the winner!

Baby Saja: Goo goo, ga ga.

Rumi: Come on. Wrap it up.

[Jinu notices the girls on top.]

Variety Show Host: Hard to say goodbye when we're having fun.

Co-Host: So hard. So hard.

Jinu: Then why say goodbye when we have extra special guests coming up?

Rumi: What is he doing?

Jinu: Please welcome HUNTR/X!

[The lights show up on the girls.]

T-Shirt Fan: I LOVE YOU, HUNTR/X!!!

Rumi: We just wanted to stop by and congratulate our hoobaes on their debut and...

Jinu: And of course, Play Games with Us! Bring out the slides!

Audience: [chanting] Slide! Slide! Slide! etc.

Rumi: Oh no. We couldn't possibly....

Audience: (chanting) In the balls! In the balls! In the balls! etc.

Rumi: Sure. For the fans.

[The girls leaped on, but, because of their leather suits, they slid down, squeakily and loud.]

Rumi: Wait. What the..?

[The audience cringed and covered their ears.]

Woman: What's happening?

T-Shirt Fan: MAKE IT STOP!

Zoe: The leather has betrayed us…!

[They finally landed in the balls.]

Variety Show Host: And HUNTR/X is in the balls!

Rumi: Well, this was fun.

Jinu: It was truly an honor to share the stage with you.

Girl #1: So hot!

Girl #2: And respectful!

Rumi: (they bow down) Oh no. The honor is ours.

Jinu: (they bow down) No, it was ours.

HUNTR/X: (they bow down) It's ours.

Saja Boys: (they bow down) Ours. Ours

HUNTR/X: (they bow down) Ours. Ours

Zoey: (her back cracks) Oh, my back!

[The girls had leaned their backs too far and watched the boys leave the stage. They burst out of the building.]

Rumi: Let's go get these guys.

Zoey: (gasps) We finally get to go to the bathhouse with Rumi!

[The girls enter the spa bathhouse. They realize it's the men's bathouse]

Mira: Men's? (they groan)

Jinu: Wow. Did you really follow us in here?

Abby Saja: I knew they would. That one's always looking at me. (He says as wind blows on his shirt, revealing abs)

Zoey & Mira: No, we're… (their corn eyes pop into popcorn) NOOOOOT!

Rumi: You think we're just gonna let you steal our fans? You'll have to fight us for them!

Zoey: Yeah. Keep your hands off our Honmoon!

Jinu: We're not here to fight. They are.

[Water demons emerge from the water.]

Rumi: Water demons.

Mira: Oh great. My favorite.

Jinu: Get rid of the Hunters. Then you can eat all the souls you want.

[The water demons attack the girls.]

Zoey: Don't let this turn you off bathhouses, Rumi! It's usually really fun and relaxing!

Jinu: Have fun. (nearly slips on the water) Oh! Oh jeez.

[Rumi chased after Jinu. She leaps in front of him and tries to attack. Mira and Zoey are by themselves, surrounded.]

Jinu: Whoa! Whoa! Hey.

Zoey: What's going on with the Honmoon? It's getting worse.

Mira: We can't hold them. We need Rumi.

Jinu: Whoa! Mind the face. I need it to steal your fans.

[Rumi continued to dodged and during the fight, she had her leather suit get ripped off. She pinned Jinu.]

Jinu: (chuckles) You're strong. [notices the patterns on Rumi] A Hunter who's part demon?

[Rumi looks and saw her leather suit ripped, revealing the patterns on her arms. Jinu pushes her back,]

Mira: Rumi, we need your help!

[Rumi heard a crash and covers her arm.]

Zoey: Rumi!

Mira: What are you doing? Where are you?

Zoey: Rumi, we need you!

[Rumi could not say anything over, the black-haired boy wrapped her and pulled her away. Jinu had wrapped a bandage around her arm to cover the patterns.]

Mira: Rumi! Get in here.

Zoey: Rumi! We need you.

Mira: Rumi!

Zoey: Rumi!

[Rumi threw her scythe at the demons and destroyed them, saving Mira and Zoey.]

Old Man: Hey! This is the man's bathhouse. Get out of here.

[The three girls quickly leave the bathhouse.]

Mira: Um, hi.

[He starts bathing while singing "Soda Pop".]

Old Man: (singing) My little soda pop. My little soda pop.

[Little does he know, a water demon appears behind him to steal his soul. Outside, Jinu thought about who Rumi is.]

Jinu: A Hunter who's part demon.

[Suddenly, he was dragged down into the demon realm. He looked and saw the oni cheering.]

Demons: (chanting) Saja Boys! Saja Boys!

Water Demon: (tearfully) I love you guys!

Demons: (chanting) Saja Boys!

Demon #1: They're just like us!

Demon #2: Oh, souls incoming!

[Blue lights went into the purple flames.]

Gwi-Ma: "My Little Soda Pop." It's catchy. Surprisingly, your plan is working.

Jinu: I know, and that soul is just a starter. So let me get back to work, and you'll be feasting in no time.

Gwi-Ma: One of the Hunters bears my mark, but I have no control over her.

Jinu: This is good. This means she has shame. I'll find out what it is, and we can use it to destroy her and the Hunters for good.

Gwi-Ma: I've taught you well, Jinu.

[The girls are back in their apartment, covered with bandages as they look through their city, covered with pink glowing sections.]

Rumi: How do we go from gold to this?

Zoey: Look at all the weak spots. We've never seen the Honmoon like this before.

Rumi: Gwi-Ma must know we're so close to sealing it for good.

Mira: So he sends a demon boy band?

Rumi: Well, it's working.

Zoey: Don't worry. I'm sure "Soda Pop" is just a fad. These boys will be old news by next week. You'll see.

Bobby (Offscreen): Girls?

[The girls quickly clean themselves up, covering their wounds.]

Girls: Hi, Bobby!

Bobby: It's a lot more serious than I thought. The Saja Boys have gone completely viral after that variety show. They even have their own fandom.

Fans: Join the Pride!

Song: Cool me down, you're so hot. Pour me up, I won't stop! You're my soda pop.

[Rumi and Mira notice Zoey and Bobby heaving their shoulders to the beat.]

Mira/Rumi: Bobby!/Zoey!

Mira: Control those shoulders.

Zoe: Wow, it is catchy.

Bobby: Yeah, you're right, Zoey. They're amazing, but they suck. I'm sorry. I've been glued to this tiny screen for hours. I just need to look away and... Woo! Relax, Bobby. It's just social media numbers. Not the end of the world.

Rumi: This is the battle for hearts and minds. A battle for the fans. And what's the biggest battlefield of them all?

Mira and Zoey: The Idol Awards.

Bobby: State Fair?

Rumi: That's right. We have to crush that stage. Be better than we've ever been with the show to end the Saja Boys for good. Zoey, we're gonna need a new song.

Zoey: I got 23 notebooks full of demon insults ready to go.

Bobby: Yeah! Let's make it 30 notebooks.

Rumi: Mira, the choreography?

Mira: Yep, making them hotter.

Bobby: Backup dancers, ready to go.

Rumi: We'll write a brand-new song. A diss track to expose the Saja Boys.

Zoey: And send those disgusting demons back to the depths where they belong!

Mira: YEAH!

Zoey: YEAH!

Mira: YEAHHHHH!

[The two stopped making battle cries when Rumi stared at them.]

Rumi: (then) YEAHHH!

HUNTR/X: YEAAAAAAAHHH!!!!

Zoey: We're gonna kick their butts!

Bobby: That's my girls! Not sure about this whole demon thing. They seem nice, but loving the energy!

[Rumi had returned to her room to take the medicine.]

Rumi: Okay, tonics. Let's do this. What? [Rumi notices something stuck to the medicine. It was a grape juice sample] Zoey.

Jinu: A Hunter who's part demon?

[Recalling on the memory, Rumi wondered why Jinu saw her as a demon while looking at the baggage, she notices something outside.]

Rumi: Is that a bird wearing a tiny hat?

[She looked and saw that it was a Yokai crow.]

Rumi: What?

[She followed it and saw something in the bushes. It was a blue tiger. It approached her, only to knock on a flower pot. Rumi stiffened and stared at the bird. She approached the tiger and placed it back up. The tiger looked at her. It approached her again, only to knock the flower pot down again.]

Rumi: No. No, really. It's okay. Just leave it. What are you?

[The tiger opened its mouth and a card fell out.]

Rumi: (reads the envelope) "Hello, friend." (opens it and reads note in Korean) Jinu? Ji... Jinu? Oh! Meet you? I'm not gonna meet you. Who do you think you...

[The bird flies by and perches on the tiger's head as they disappear before reappearing on the streets below.]

Rumi: Okay, Jinu. Let's meet.

[Rumi followed the tiger and noticed a figure. She leaps onto the roof, summoned her scythe and charged. She swings, cutting off the head, only to find out it's just a mannequin.]

Rumi: What?

Jinu: Wow. I wasn't expecting a hug, but... (Rumi points her sword at him) Jeez, okay, okay. Calm down. (jumps away from her) I thought the mannequin was gonna be a fun icebreaker. But I see I was wrong. (dodges her sword swings) Whoa! Hey! I just wanna talk.

Rumi: Talk?

Jinu: About your patterns? But first, I wanna talk about those pants.

Rumi: Hm? (looks down at her pajamas)

Jinu: Teddy bears and choo-choo trains? Really? Choo-choo.

[Annoyed, she swings her sword, but Jinu disappears.]

Rumi: You were supposed to be dead by now!

Jinu: Whoa. Hey! I could've told your friends what you are. But I didn't, did I? Because they don't know. Ah, I did guess right. A demon girl. Also Hunter. Hiding, walking around free in the human world.

Rumi: Just Hunter, not demon.

Jinu: Then how'd you get the patterns?

Rumi: That's none of your business.

Jinu: Huh. I know what it feels like to have them.

Rumi: Feel? You're a demon. Demons don't feel anything.

Jinu: Is that what you think? That's all demons do. Feel. Feel our shame, our misery. It's how Gwi-Ma controls us. Do you not hear him in your ear?

Rumi: What are you talking about?

Jinu: Huh. You're lucky. I'll never forget the first time I heard him. That was 400 years ago. [his memory played of how his mother and sister were poor and so was he] My family was extremely poor and miserable. I had a single possession to my name. An old bipa. So I busked the streets, but it didn't get me anywhere. I was desperate. We were starving. Then, I heard him.

Gwi-Ma: You can't do anything for your family. You're not good enough for them. But I can help you be good enough.

[Next, he tells Rumi of how he and his family enter the palace.]

Jinu: Overnight, my fate was changed. I was praised for my voice. Even by the king himself. My family and I lived on the palace grounds. Our bellies were finally full, our clothes clean. We were happy. But the patterns, they kept spreading until they consumed me. And I was condemned to the demon world. Prisoner of Gwi-Ma for all eternity. My family lost everything. And without me, they were even worse off than before. Every day since, I've been haunted by the memory of failing them.

Gwi-Ma: You left them. Left them behind. Failed them.

Jinu: These are a constant reminder of my shame. [looks at the marks on his arms] A shame I can never escape. [approaches Rumi and shows the marks on her neck] Yours are a reminder, too. Of a shame of your own.

Rumi: You don't know me.

Jinu: You know you can tell me. I'll understand. I'm the only one who can.

Rumi: [points her weapon] I'm nothing like you.

Jinu: Denial. I get it. I was once there too. I'll be here when you're done pretending. Until next time.

Rumi: There won't be a next time!

[But Jinu disappeared.]

[Later]

Mira and Zoey: (singing) You'll never beat us. Your plan will never work. We're gonna-

Zoey: This song sucks!

Mira: We only have to write the best diss track ever to crush the Idol Awards, or there'll be a demon apocalypse. No pressure at all.

Zoey: Yeah! We gotta get up close and insult their stupid faces! Their nasty, disgusting, not beautiful perfectly dewy, symmetrical, shimmering...

Mira: Okay, enough! I'm taking these down! [rips the posters off] Just like how we're gonna take down these boys!

Rumi: Take down? Takedown! That's the song! It's a take down!

Zoey: So sweet, so easy on the eyes, but hideous on the inside

Mira: Nice.

Zoey: You like it?

Mira: Whole life spreading lies, but you can't hide.

Rumi: Baby, nice try.

Mira: Whoa. That's sounding good.

Rumi: I'm about to switch up these vi- [coughs] Sorry, guys.

Zoey: No, take it easy.

Mira: Yeah, rest that voice for Idol Awards.

Idol Host: This week's winner is "Soda Pop" by the Saja Boys!

[The girls face the demons during montages as "Takedown" plays.]

So sweet, so easy on the eyes

But hideous on the inside.

Whole life spreading lies

But you can't hide, baby, nice try!

I'm about to switch up these vibes. I finally opened my eyes. It's time to kick you straight back into the night!

Mira: Wait, that's the beat.

Zoey: Yeah, totally!

Rumi: Are you a prisoner, too? Is Gwi-Ma making you do this?

[The oni only grins until Mira stabs it.]

Rumi: Mira.

Mira: You okay?

Rumi: Yeah, thanks for having my back.

Idol Host: This week's winner is "Golden" by Huntrix!

I'mma gear up and take you down!

It's a take down!

Oh, oh, da-da-da-da.

A take down, I'mma take you out. You'll break down like, "What?" It's a take down, I'mma take you out and it ain't gonna stop!

Mira: Oh, how about "A demon with no feelings doesn't deserve to live"?

Zoey: It's so obvious!

I'mma gear up and take you down!

Oh, oh

It's a take down!

Look!

Takedown!

Oh, oh, da-da-da-da

Join the Pride!

Oh, oh, da-da-da-da

- Join the...

- Join the Pride!

[The girls are now at the booth.]

Bobby: All right, team, I know everything is all Saja, Saja, Saja, but we're gonna turn it into Huntrix, Huntrix, Huntrix! Yay! These fans slept on the sidewalk, overnight!

Huntrix: Happy fans, happy Honmoon!

Bobby: Let's bring them in! Welcome. Hey, single file, no pushing.

[The fans entered right inside. One covered in a sleeping bag walks up to the booth.]

Rumi: And who should I make this out to?

Jinu: "To our biggest fans."

[The Saja Boys reveal themselves from their sleeping bags.]

Fans: It's the Saja Boys!

Bobby: It is an honor! Table, now!

Fans: Joint signing!

Rumi: We lose half the fans? The Saja Boys will sit with us!

Mira: What? Rumi?

Zoey: Rumi, what are you doing?

Bobby: Genius!

Fans: Huh? Same table?

Rumi: We need every fan.

Romance Saja: Hm. We keep meeting like this.

Zoey: I am not sitting with no Saja Boy... [Mystery Saja sits next to her; giggles] What's up?

[Abby Saja hands some ladies an autograph drawing of his abs.]

Jinu: I didn't think you liked sharing.

Rumi: I love sharing.

Jinu: Oh, so you shared your secret with your friends?

Mira: If only I could smash your demon face now! (to a fan) Thanks for coming!

Jinu: Should I tell them?

Rumi: No, I'm gonna tell them. Eventually.

Fangirl: Are you whispering? (they stammer awkwardly before signing an autograph on a Huntrix poster) Your secret's safe with me. Oh, so cute!

Zoey: Thanks for coming! (Mystery Saja barks) No! Bad Saja Boy!

Mira: I'll sign first.

Abby Saja: No, I'll sign first.

Mira: No, I'll sign first. (they fight over signing a fan's leg cast) No, me! Me first!

Rumi: Not gonna talk to someone who's helping Gwi-Ma.

Jinu: I'm helping myself. Look, if I help him, he's promised to erase my memories, and those voices in my head will be gone.

Rumi: Pathetic.

Jinu: I'm pathetic? You can't even talk about your patterns.

Rumi: [stomps on his foot] You want me to talk about my patterns? I hate them! Just like I hate all demons. How I hate Gwi-Ma.

Jinu: If hate could defeat Gwi-Ma, I would've done it a long time ago. Trust me.

Young Fangirl: Excuse me, Mr. Jinu. I made this for you.

Jinu: Uh, for me? [grabs the picture]

Rumi: Maybe listen to those voices instead of the ones in your head. (to the fans) Isn't he great? Woo! Jinu, everybody! Yeah, Jinu!

Mira: "Woo, Jinu"?

Fan: (chanting) Jinu! Jinu!

Jinu: Unfortunately, the Saja Boys have to run. Thank you, everyone.

[The crowd leaves. Bobby is looking at his phone.]

Bobby: The Internet loves this, and the Internet is never wrong! Rujinu! That's genius. Zoeystery. Where did they come up with that?

Mira: Miro-mabby?

Zoey: Aw, you're so cute together!

[Later that night]

Rumi: "Time to put you in your place 'Cause you're rotten within!" "When your patterns start to show" "It makes the hatred wanna grow out of my..."

[She crosses out the lyrics.]

Rumi: When your patterns start to show, I see a pain that lies below.

[She looked at the card.]

Rumi: Calm down. I'm not gonna meet him.

[She hears a knock on the door.]

Mira: Rumi?

Rumi: Uh... You gotta get outta here. Come on.

Mira: I can hear you in there.

Rumi: Uh, yeah. Uh, give me a minute.

[She puts the paper in the trash can, only for it to fall.]

Mira: Uh... what are you doing?

Rumi: Um, nothing. Just, uh... Did you wanna come in?

Mira: I mean, if you want me to come in, I can come in. I heard you singing. You sound good.

[Rumi notice the tiger's paw and hides it, using the jacket.]

Rumi: Yeah, who would've thought? Those tonics actually work.

Mira: [holds up the paper] So, why are you changing our lyrics?

Rumi: Oh, I just... Do you really think this is the right song to beat Gwi-Ma? It's so hateful.

Mira: Yeah, because we hate him, and we hate demons.

Rumi: No, I know.

Mira: Okay, what is up with you? I could swear, the other day, you were talking to a demon.

Rumi: I...

Mira: And "Woo, Jinu"? What was that about?

Rumi: Playing him up to psych him out. Get in his head.

Mira: Look, I'm pretty good at reading people. Actually, I'm kind of an expert at it, and I just can't shake this feeling that you're keeping something from me.

Rumi: Mira, I'm not keeping anything from you. I promise.

Mira: Sorry. I sound nuts. I guess these demons are just getting to me. I can't wait until every one of them is destroyed and sent back to suffer with Gwi-Ma for eternity. Right, Rumi?

Rumi: Yeah. Eternal suffering. Sounds fun.

Abby Saja: (on screen) Hey, everybody. Our fan club just hit 50 million fans. We have to give a shout-out to Huntrix. We couldn't have done it without their support.

Mystery Saja: And to our fans, thank you. We really feed off your energy.

Female Reporter: (on screen) In other news, the amount of missing person reports have tripled in the last 24 hours.

Jinu: (on screen) We're so excited to show you what's next.

[Outside.]

Jinu: She wants to meet, and she's late? (she appears next to him, jumpscaring him) You made me come all the way out here so you could jump-scare me?

Rumi: Follow me.

Jinu: Well, I'm glad you're finally ready to talk. Although, you could've picked somewhere nicer for a date.

Rumi: Date? No! Ew! What are you talking about? That doesn't mean... You're so old. This is strictly a business meeting.

Jinu: Okay, loud and clear.

Rumi: What if I told you there's another way to get your freedom?

Jinu: Go on.

Rumi: Help us win the Idol Awards. Because when we win, the Honmoon will be sealed. And that will guarantee your freedom. Gwi-Ma will be permanently cut off, and all the demons will be gone from this world. I will finally be free of these patterns. No more hiding. No more secrets. You can be on this side when the Honmoon is sealed. Away from the demon world, away from Gwi-Ma. You can be free from those voices forever.

Jinu: What makes you think the Honmoon can save a guy like me?

Rumi: A guy who tried to help his family? You made a mistake, Jinu.

Jinu: It's not that simple.

Rumi: But I am a mistake. Have been since the moment I was born. So, I have to believe. Because if there's no hope for you, what hope is there for me?

Old Lady: Bracelet? For your beautiful girlfriend?

Jinu: Oh, no. We're not... She's not my type.

Rumi: Oh, no. Ugh. What? Excuse me? I'm everyone's type.

Jinu: You can't even show up on time.

Rumi: You from the 1900s?

Jinu: I see why you're single.

Rumi: What?

Jinu: See? We'd never work.

Old Lady: Here, free one. Go find yourself a better boy. This one's hopeless.

Jinu: Well, there's your answer. Hopeless.

Rumi: That's the funny thing about hope. Nobody else gets to decide if you feel it. That choice belongs to you. Fine. Your loss.

[Jinu grabs her hand, stopping her. She turns.]

Jinu: I was just trying to get the bracelet.

Rumi: Oh. Yeah. The bracelet.

Jinu: For what it's worth, I don't think you're a mistake.

Rumi: Okay, bye.

Jinu: Yeah, uh, bye. Uh...

[Both of them walk away.]

- I need to see "Golden" live.

- The Idol Awards are tomorrow.

Thank goodness I didn't hold my breath, 'cause I'd be dead by now.

[Rumi looked at her phone, knowing that it was tomorrow. She practices with Zoey and Mira, still having second thoughts.]

Time to put you in your place 'cause you're rotten within!

When your patterns start to show, it makes the hatred wanna grow out of my...

Mira: What's going on? Why are we stopping?

Rumi: It's just that these lyrics are throwing me off. I don't think they're right just yet.

Mira: Seriously? Now?

Zoey: No, it's fine. It's the second verse, right? Uh, how about "When the patterns start to show, the world will know that you're depraved"?

Rumi: Hm.

Zoey: Um, "My sword will happily Show you to your grave." "You'll be pummeled till no remains."

Rumi: No, Zoey, it's just... It's the whole song.

Zoey: Oh, okay, great. Well, then, I might as well just tear these all up. (struggles to tear up the papers)

Mira: Rumi, we don't have time to change the lyrics even if we wanted to. The Idol Awards are tomorrow.

Rumi: Well, I don't think I can sing this song.

Bobby: Hey, girls, just wanted to bring some last-minute pick-me-ups. I know things have been really stressful lately, and you've been working so hard on the Idol routine. For what it's worth, I am proud of you, and I just want you to know I'm here for literally anything you need.

[Bobby realized that the girls are gone.]

You're my soda pop! My little soda pop!

Jinu: Join the Pride. We need you.

[Huntrix are now on top of the train.]

Mira: Seriously, what is your problem?

Rumi: I told you, the song, it's...

Mira: I'm not talking about the song, I'm talking about you! Why are you questioning everything we stand for when we're so close to sealing the Honmoon? What are you not telling us, Rumi?

Rumi: I... I...

Mira: What are you hiding from us?

Rumi: Not everything is about your insecurities, Mira! Mira, I didn't mean...

Zoey: Would you two stop fighting each other and look?

[A portal opened, revealing a huge horde of oni.]

Rumi: The tear.

Mira: It's huge. If you're with us, prove it.

[The girls charged at the oni.]

It's a take down, I'mma take you out. You'll break down like, "What?"

It's a take down, I'mma take you out And it ain't gonna stop!

Jung-shin-eul-noh-koh Null-jib-balb-goh! Kal-eul-seh-gyuh-nuah!

You'll be begging and crying. All of you dying, never miss my shot!

I don't think you're ready For the take down!

A demon with no feelings Don't deserve to live! It's so obvious

I'mma gear up!

[Rumi was knocked down by a huge oni.]

Girls: Rumi!

You can try, but you can't hide!

It's a take down, I'mma take you out And it ain't gonna stop!

[Zoey and Mira charged at the oni and defeat them.]

Rumi: The passengers!

[They burst inside, but they are too late, the passengers were taken. They all exit the train.]

Mira: Whatever you think about the song, it doesn't matter now. Everything is at stake, and we just need to get through this together.

Zoey: You know I'm always on your side, but it's really hard to understand this time. We can't win this without your voice, Rumi.

[They walk away.]

Rumi: Trust me, I'm gonna make sure we win.

[Later that night, Rumi visits Jinu with the tiger and bird.]

Rumi: Okay, so I've been meaning to ask, why does the bird wear a tiny hat?

Jinu: I made it for the tiger, but the bird keeps taking it.

Rumi: So, about tomorrow, have you thought about my proposal?

Jinu: Look, I want to believe in your crazy plan, but I don't think I'm the one to help you.

Rumi: Actually, you already have. I spent my whole life keeping this secret, this shame of what I am, and the more I hid this shame, the more it grew and grew until it started to destroy the one thing that gave me a purpose, my voice. But since I've met you, and the more I talk to you, I don't understand it, but somehow, my voice has healed.

Rumi: (singing) I tried to hide, but something broke. I tried to sing. Couldn't hit the notes. The words kept catching in my throat. I tried to smile. I was suffocating though, but here with you I can finally breathe. You say you're no good, but you're good for me. I've been hoping to change. Now I know we can change, but I won't if you're not by my side. Why does it feel right every time I let you in? Why does it feel like I can tell you anything? All the secrets that keep me in chains and all the damage that might make me dangerous. You got a dark side. Guess you're not the only one. What if we both tried fighting what we're running from? We can't fix it if we never face it. What if we find a way to escape it? We could be free, free! We can't fix it if we never face it. Let the past be the past till it's weightless.

Jinu: (singing) Oh, time goes by, and I lose perspective. Yeah, hope only hurts so I just forget it. You're breaking through the dark in me when I thought nobody could. You're waking up all these parts of me I thought were buried for good. Between imposter and this monster, I been lost inside my head. Ain't no choice when all these voices keep me pointing towards no end! It's just easy when I'm with you. No one sees me the way you do. I don't trust it, but I want to I keep coming back to.

Both: (singing) Why does it feel right every time I let you in? Why does it feel like I can tell you anything? We can't fix it if we never face it. What if we find a way to escape it? We could be free, free! We can't fix it if we never face it. Let the past be the past till it's weightless!

Rumi: (singing) Whoa! So take my hand It's open!

Jinu: (singing) Free! Free!

Rumi: (singing) What if we heal what's broken?

Jinu: (singing) Free! Free!

Rumi: (singing) I tried to hide but something broke. I couldn't sing but you give me hope.

Both: (singing) We can't fix it if we never face it. Let the past be the past till it's weightless.

Jinu: I- I don't hear his voice. I'll make sure the Saja Boys lose tomorrow.

Rumi: Then we'll both win.

Jinu: Rumi, wait. I-I-I can't wait to see you on that stage tomorrow.

[Jinu was suddenly dragged down to the demon realm. He finds the demons looking terrified.]

Jinu: What's with the long faces? Everything's going to plan. Look at all these souls, huh?

Demon: (scared; whispers) Turn around.

[He turns around to see Gwi-Ma looming over him.]

Gwi-Ma: That's funny. I thought for a moment you actually believed you could be free. (laughs evilly)

Jinu: (chuckles weakly) Yeah, that's funny.

Gwi-Ma: Because if you really believed her, if you really thought you could escape what you are, what you did, you would have told her the truth. You betrayed your own family. You left them behind. You killed your family. Don't forget about our deal, Jinu, because I can turn those voices up. Or they can be gone. Don't think you can escape what you are.

[Rumi rides the tiger in the air, recalling the memory.]

Rumi: Maybe they'll understand.

Celine: No, Rumi. Nothing can change until your patterns are gone.

[She arrives back at the apartment.]

Rumi: Everything's set. Well, almost everything.

[The next morning, Rumi talks to her friends.]

Rumi: Look, the last few weeks have been hard. And I admit, I haven't been at my best. But I know we can win tomorrow. We just have to sing the right song. And "Takedown" isn't...

Mira: It's okay, Rumi.

Zoey: We agree.

Mira: It's not the song that's gonna connect all our fans.

Zoey: It can't even connect us.

Mira: I know our faults and fears must never be seen, but, look, I'm kind of a difficult person. Overly blunt, short-fused, highly aggressive. My whole life, those things were a liability. But somehow, with you guys, they're okay.

Zoey: I feel the same way. Before I joined Huntrix, I felt like my thoughts and my lyrics and all my notebooks were just useless and weird. But with the two of you, they mean something. I mean something.

Rumi: I'm afraid of losing you guys too. And that's why we have to finish this. All these fears, it's the demons talking. But tomorrow, we can win this war. And when the Honmoon is sealed, we will be free of these demons. Free of these fears forever. And then we can take a hiatus. Maybe go to the bathhouse?

Mira: What?

Zoey: The women's bathhouse, not the men's?

Mira: I'll fight for a spa day with you.

Zoey: Let's do it! Wait, what song are we singing?

Rumi and Mira: "Golden."

Zoey: "Takedown"! I mean "Golden." Definitely "Golden."

Rumi: It's a song about the best of us.

Mira: Rumi, your voice good to go?

Rumi: Never been stronger.

Zoey: Happy fans?

Huntrix: Happy Honmoon!

Zoey: Yeah!

Idol Host: Two bands, one award. Every snowflake is special. But one snowflake is probably the best. Who will be the top of the mountain? Fans from around the universe will decide. Finally, the moment you've been waiting for. Here are the five-year reigning champs of the International Idol Awards, Huntrix!

HUNTR/X Fanboy: We love Huntrix!

Idol Host: Versus the heart-stealing newcomers, the Saja Boys!

Saja Boys Fangirl: We love you!

Idol Host: Who will win?

[The girls are all dressed up and walk to the stage while passing the Saja Boys.]

Mira: Ugh. Look at that smug face. I'm gonna freaking smash it.

Rumi: Save it for the stage.

Idol Host: Please welcome to the stage, the Saja Boys!

[However, the Saja Boys are not on stage. The crowd stopped cheering.]

Woman: (confused) What's going on?

[Cut to Mira punching at a poster of Abby Saja on a punching bag while Zoey and Rumi get ready.]

Mira: I hate Abs!

Bobby: (bursts in) Girls, the Saja Boys are fighting.

HUNTR/X: What?

Bobby: That means you're on now!

Rumi: Okay. This is it. For the fans.

Zoey: For the world.

Mira: For us.

Bobby: Yes! We win this, and then we celebrate with Itaewon corn dogs!

Zoey: Yay!

Idol Host: Okay, uh, there's been a slight change in schedule. Here to perform their hot new single, "Golden," it's Huntrix!

[Huntrix comes on stage.]

Rumi: (singing) I was a ghost. I was alone. Eo du wojin, ap gil sok e. Given the throne I didn't know how to believe I was the queen that I'm meant to be!

Zoey: (singing) I lived two lives. Tried to play both sides but I couldn't find my own place!

Mira: (singing) Called a problem child 'cause I got too wild, but now that's how I'm getting paid. Kkeut eop si on stage!

[Mira and Zoey went off stage.]

Rumi: (singing) I'm done hiding. Now I'm shining like I'm born to be! We dreaming hard. We came so far. Now I believe! We're going up, up, up! It's our moment! You know together we're glowing! Gonna be, gonna be golden.

Zoey: She's killing it out there!

Mira: Let's go finish this.

[Mira and Zoey hear something coming from the backstage.]

Mira: Bobby?

[They race after Bobby.]

Stagehand: You're on in 20 seconds!

[Rumi continued singing and swung on a ring.]

Rumi: (singing) Whoa, I'm done hiding. Now I'm shining like I'm born to be! Oh, our time. No fears, no lies. That's who we're born to be! You know we're gonna be, gonna be golden. We're gonna be, gonna be...

[Mira and Zoey continued running and saw that they had been tricked. They were demons all along,]

Zoey: Bobby?

Bobby: Yes! Rumi's crushing it!

[Back on stage...]

Rumi: (singing) You know that it's our time. No fears, no lies. That's who we're born to be!

[Suddenly, the lights turned off and a new song came up.]

Takedown, take down, down, down, down.

Rumi: (confused) What?

Zoey: (confused) Why are they playing "Takedown"?

Mira: Something's wrong.

Both: [realizing] Rumi!

Rumi: (confused) "Takedown"? They put this back in?

Fan: Is this a new song?

[Then, red light turns on as Zoey and Mira appear beside Rumi. Though something's not right with them.]

It's a take down!

So sweet, so easy on the eyes

Way hideous on the inside

Whole life spreading lies

But you can't hide, baby, nice try!

About to switch up these vibes

Rumi: (confused) Zoey? Mira?

Time to kick you

Straight back into the night!

'Cause I see your real face

It's ugly as sin

Woman: What's going on? Are they fighting?

Bobby: [horrified] Why? No.

[Rumi was being pushed and shoved, her jacket falling off.]

Rumi: Please! Stop!

Makes hatred wanna grow

Out of my veins

Zoey: Rumi!

[The demons pulled Rumi's jacket, revealing her patterns, she covers them. Mira and Zoey hurry on as fast as they could.]

I don't think you're ready for the take down

Break you into pieces in a world of pain

'Cause you're all the same

Mira: Hang on, Rumi! We're coming!

Takedown!

A demon with no feelings

Don't deserve to live!

It's so obvious!

I'mma gear up and take you down!

Demon 1: (Mira's voice) We see what you are.

Demon 2: (Zoey's voice) You're a demon.

Both: A mistake.

Rumi: No!

Both: You have been since the day you were born.

Rumi: NOOOOOO!

[The lights break into pieces. Mira and Zoey arrive and saw the patterns on Rumi, seeing that she is a demon all this time. Rumi ran back to the stage, panting, the patterns covering her back, chest and head. She saw her friends.]

Rumi: What? How are you here? You were just on stage. That wasn't you? Oh. Oh, thank goodness.

[But they backed away. Rumi looked down and saw it, the patterns.]

Rumi: No. No! No. No.

Zoey: How do you have patterns?

Rumi: These were supposed to be gone. You were never supposed to see!

Mira: You were hiding this from us this whole time?

Rumi: No, I have a plan to erase them. Jinu was supposed to- I- He was-

Zoey: Jinu? You're working with him?

Rumi: No. No! No! I was using him to fix all this! To fix me! So we could all do our duty! We could all be strong. Be together.

Zoey: How could we be together if we can't tell your lies from your truths, Rumi?

Mira: I knew it. I knew it was too good to be true.

Rumi: Mira, no! Didn't you see? See the gold? We're so close! No! Don't leave! Don't leave! I can still FIX IT!!

[A pink wave radiated out. Mira pointed her weapon at Rumi and Zoey cries.]

Rumi: [tearfully] Zoey, please.

[Zoey pointed her weapon at Rumi as well. Realizing they turned on her, she runs away, crying. Mira and Zoey lowered their weapons, immediately regretting their reaction from finding out her secret.]

Rumi: Jinu? Jinu! Where are you? Jinu!

[She sees Jinu with the two oni that posed as her friends.]

Rumi: Say you didn't do this. [Jinu snaps his fingers, and the two oni turned back into their true forms before disappearing as if to say "yes".] How could you do this?! [Rumi pushes Jinu, who isn't affected.]

Jinu: It was all a lie.

Rumi: It was real! What we had was real. I know it was!

Jinu: The things I said? I just needed you to trust me. That's all.

Rumi: No! No, I know your story. You were a good person, and you still are. You just made a mistake.

Jinu: I LEFT THEM!! That's right, I lied to you. I only made a deal with Gwi-Ma to get myself out of that miserable life. I left my sister, my mother, alone while I slept on silk sheets in the palace with my belly full every night! I left them. I left them.

Rumi: But that's not all you are. This is just your demon talking. You have to fight it!

Jinu: THAT'S NOT HOW IT WORKS!

Rumi: YES, IT IS!

Jinu: Listen to yourself. Is it working? You're a demon, just like me. All we get to do is live with our pain, our misery. That's all we deserve.

[Rumi was speechless, with one golden eye glowing. Jinu disappeared. With a broken heart, Rumi slowly leaves. By now, the world started to fall apart. Bobby looked at his phone, showing that Huntrix is now 10 rank. Mira and Zoey stared at the building, covered with the infected pink matter.]

Zoey: The Honmoon! It's coming apart!

Reporter: Due to the Huntrix public breakup on stage, today's International Idol Awards have been canceled. Here are the winners of the International Idol Awards. Artist of the Year, Saja Boys.

Demon: You couldn't keep them together. You're all alone, but you don't have to be.

[Hypnotized by the sound, Bobby picked up a light wand.]

Reporter: Best New Artist, Saja Boys. Song of the Year, "Soda Pop." Worldwide Icon of the Year, Saja Boys.

Jinu: (on screens) Hey, everybody. You must all be so sad about the Huntrix breakup. We are too. So, to cheer everyone up, we're going to do a special live performance tonight. Midnight, Namsan Tower. Don't miss it for the world.

Zoey: Gwi-Ma, he's coming.

[Mira and Zoey are unsure what to do, but a voice whispered to Mira, hypnotizing her.]

Demon: You thought you found a family? You don't deserve one. You never have.

Zoey: What are we gonna do without Rumi? Our songs are three-part harmonies. How do we...

Mira: There is no "we," Zoey. I don't get to have a family.

[Zoey felt heartbroken, a voice whispering in her mind.]

Demon: You're too much. And not enough. You'll never belong anywhere, but I can give you a place to belong.

[Hypnotized, Mira and Zoey approach the tower. Meanwhile, Celine is horrified of what was happening. She felt a presence nearby. She pointed her weapon, only to see that it was Rumi, exposed by the glowing purple patterns and glowing orange eye.]

Celine: Rumi?

Rumi: I thought I could fix it all. Fix me. But I ran out of time. They saw. They know. There's no denying it now. This is what I am.

Celine: Rumi, no.

Rumi: You knew I was a mistake from the very start. Do what you should've done a long time ago. Before I destroy what I swore to protect. Please. Do it!

Celine: I can't. When we lost your mother, I swore to protect all that was left of her, but I never thought that that would be a child like you. Everything I was taught told me you were wrong, but I made a promise. So I did my best to accept you and help you.

Rumi: Accept me? You told me to cover up, to hide!

Celine: Yes, until we can fix everything. And we still can. We can cover those up and put everything right again. I'll tell Mira and Zoey that it was all a lie, an illusion by Gwi-Ma to break us apart.

Rumi: No. No more hiding. No more lies!

Celine: Rumi, we can still fix this.

Rumi: Don't you get it? This is what I am. Look at me. Why can't you look at me?! Why couldn't you love me?!

Celine: I do!

Rumi: ALL OF ME!!

Celine: This is why we have to hide it. Our faults and fears must never be seen. It's the only way to protect the Honmoon.

Rumi: If this is the Honmoon I'm supposed to protect, I'm glad to see it destroyed.

[She disappears, leaving Celine devastated of what she had done. Meanwhile, in the underworld, as the Saja Boys get ready for the big night, Gwi-Ma speaks to a guilt-ridden Jinu.]

Gwi-Ma: Well done. Ready to forget it all? Good. I'm ready to feast.

[The Tiger nuzzles Jinu's hand. The hypnotized crowd approached the stage in Namsan Tower. Mira and Zoey went into different separate ways while the crowd chants "Saja." The Saja Boys, now in reaper attire, start performing their song.]

Jinu: (singing) I'll be your idol!

Keeping you in check. Keeping you obsessed! Play me on repeat kkeuteopsi In your head! Anytime it hurts, play another verse. I can be your sanctuary!

Know I'm the only one right now. I will love you more when it all burns down!

More than power, more than gold.

You gave me your heart. Now I'm here for your soul.

Jinu: (singing) I'm the only one who'll love your sins! Feel the way my voice gets underneath your skin!

Listen 'cause I'm preaching to the choir. Can I get the mic a little higher? Gimme your desire! I can be the star you rely on.

Nae hwanholae chwihae. You can't look away.

Don't you know I'm here to save you?

Now we runnin' wild.

Yeah, I'm all you need. I'mma be your idol!

Baby Saja: (rapping) Unh! Bichinaneun fame Gyesok oecheo I'm your idol! Thank you for the pain 'cause it got me going viral! Oh yeah, naji anneun fever. Makin' you a believer. Nareul wihae neon jonjae haneun aideul.

Living in your mind now. Too late 'cause you're mine now.

I will make you free when you're all a part of me!

Preaching to the choir! Can I get the mic a little higher?

Gimme your desire! Once we set your world on fire!

Nae hwanholae chwihae. You can't look away.

No one is coming to save you.

Now we running wild! You're down on your knees.

I'mma be your idol!

Rumi: (singing offscreen) Oh!

[The crowd turned and saw Rumi.]

Rumi: We are Hunters. Voices strong. Slaying demons with our song. Fix the world and make it right. When darkness finally meets the light.

Gwi-Ma: You come here like this? You think you can fix the world? You can't even fix yourself.

Rumi: I can't.

Gwi-Ma: And now everyone finally sees you for what you really are.

Rumi: They do.

Gwi-Ma: And the Honmoon is gone.

Rumi: It is. So we can make a new one. (singing) Nothing but the truth now. Nothing but the proof of what I am. The worst of what I came from. Patterns I'm ashamed of. Things that even I don't understand. I tried to fix it. I tried to fight it. My head was twisted. My heart divided. My lies all collided. I don't know why I didn't trust you to be on my side. I broke into a million pieces, and I can't go back, but now I'm seeing all the beauty in the broken glass. The scars are part of me. Darkness and harmony. My voice without the lies. This is what it sounds like!

Zoey: (singing) Why did I cover up the colors stuck inside my head?

Mira: (singing) I should've let the jagged edges meet the light instead.

Rumi: (singing) Show me what's underneath.

HUNTR/X: (singing) I'll find your harmony. The song we couldn't write. This is what it sounds like!

Gwi-Ma: Stop this song!

[The demons surge after HUNTR/X.]

Rumi: (singing) We're shattering the silence. We're rising, defiant! (summons her sword) Shouting in the quiet.

HUNTR/X: (singing as Zoey and Mira summon their weapons) "You're not alone!" We listened to the demons. We let them get between us, but none of us are out here on our own!

[As they fight the demons, the chests of every audience member glow.]

HUNTR/X: (singing) So we were cowards. So we were liars. So we're not heroes. We're still survivors! The dreamers, the fighters. No lying, I'm tired, but dive in the fire and I'll be right here by your side.

[The three hug each other, and a bright light envelops them. When it's gone, the three are in white attire.]

HUNTR/X: (singing) We broke into a million pieces, and we can't go back, but now we're seeing all the beauty in the broken glass. The scars are part of me. Darkness and harmony. My voice without the lies. This is what it sounds like! Why did we cover up the colors stuck inside our head? Get up and let the jagged edges meet the light instead. (Rumi approaches Gwi-Ma while Zoey and Mira fight off the demons) Show me what's underneath. I'll find your harmony. Fearless and undefined, this is what it sounds like!

Gwi-Ma: Your voices cannot defeat me!

[The demon released a deadly power beam at her. Rumi blocks it and struggles to deflect with her weapon, but it was just too strong. Before she can be destroyed, something had stopped the beam from destroying Rumi.]

Rumi: Jinu! No!

Jinu: I'm sorry for everything.

Rumi: No. I wanted to set you free.

Jinu: You did. You gave me my soul back. And now... I give it to you.

[His spirit transferred into Rumi, restoring her hope.]

Crowd: (singing) Oh! This is what it sounds like, hey! Oh! Hey! This is what it sounds like, hey! Oh! Hey!

[As Zoey fires Mystery Saja, she sees his eyes, though offscreen to us, and her face brightens up.]

Zoey: (gasps) You're just my type. (then) Oh, well.

[She kills Mystery Saja with her blades.]

Crowd: (singing) This is what it sounds like, hey!

[While fighting Romance and Abby Saja, Mira sees the latter's abs, make her eyes pop in popcorn.]

Mira: No more abs!

[She slices at his abs, killing Abby Saja.]

Crowd: (singing) This what it, this is what it, this is what it sounds like!

HUNTR/X: (singing) We broke into a million pieces, and we can't go back. But now I'm seeing all the beauty in the broken glass. The scars are part of me. Darkness and harmony. My voice without the lies. This is what it sounds like! Why did we cover up the colors stuck inside our head? Get up and let the jagged edges meet the light instead! Show me what's underneath. I'll find your harmony. Fearless and undefined. This is what it sounds like!

My voice without the lies. This is what it sounds like! Fearless and undefined. This is what it sounds like! Truth after all this time. Our voices all combined! When darkness meets the light, this is what it sounds like!

Fan: We love you, HUNTR/X!

Bobby: I love my girls.

[Rumi stared at her friends, and back at the audience. Later, the three relax in a women's bathhouse tub.]

Rumi: Ah! Wow. This feels amazing.

Mira: We've been saying that for years.

Zoey: Right? See what you've been missing?

Rumi: Oh, yeah. I wanna come here every day of our three-month hiatus.

Zoey: Rumi, I'm so happy you didn't, like, die.

Mira: Wow, Zoey, way to be super literal. But same.

Zoey: [tearing up] I just... You guys just mean so much to me, and I don't really know what I'd do with you. I mean, I love you guys so much.

[After they played a huge round of tears in the bathhouse, the girls walk down the alley as we see a trash bin full of Saja Boys merch.]

HUNTR/X: (chanting) Couch. Couch. Couch.

Mira: Three months of couch.

[They stop to notice three fangirls meeting with each other.]

Zoey: Aw, look at them. They're so cute.

Rumi: You know, I feel like we got a nice little break.

Mira: Yeah, I definitely feel recharged.

Zoey: Me too. I thought I wanted couch, but I think couch can wait.

[HUNTR/X approaches the fans.]

Rumi: Hi, everyone.

Girl 1: (excited) Rumi! Mira!

Girl 2: (excited) Oh my gosh, I love you guys so much!

Girl 3: (excited) You guys are too sweet.

Girl: (excited) You're the best.

Mira: No, you guys are the best.

[The bird flies by as the camera cranes up to the HUNTR/X billboard, showing the bird atop the tiger. Roll credits.]`